added_best_practice_and_debugging_and_shared_libs_information (#26)
HCL-TECH-SOFTWARE/dx-docker-compose: README.md

```bash  
    services:  
      core:  
        container_name: dx-core  
        image: ${DX_DOCKER_IMAGE_CORE:?'Missing docker image environment parameter'}  
        ports:  
          - "7777:7777"  
```

In addition to that it is needed to enable the WebSphere Application Server **debugging services** in the IBM Integrated Solutions Console (admin console). For details, please check: [Debugging Service details](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/was/9.0.5?topic=applications-debugging-service-details)

> **_NOTE:_** Make sure that the changes are persistent for the current dx-core container. A WebSphere_Portal server restart is needed, as soon as the debugging services are enabled!  

After debugging is enabled you can use any IDE like Microsoft Visual Studio Code, Eclipse or IBM Rational Application Developer to connect to that remote debugging port. For details, please check: [HDX-DEV-300 HCL Digital Experience for Developers (Advanced)](https://hclsoftwareu.hcltechsw.com/courses/course/hdx-dev-300-dx-developer-advanced)  

### Adding Shared Libraries

> HCL highly recommand to add shared libraries in the folder `/opt/HCL/wp_profile/PortalServer/sharedLibrary/` of the dx-core container to avoid performance problems with shared libraries.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCL highly recommends to add shared libraries in the folder `/opt/HCL/wp_profile/PortalServer/sharedLibrary/` of the dx-core container to avoid performance problems with shared libraries.  
```

Author: changed as suggested

docker-compose logs prereqs-checker
```

### DX Development with Visual Studio Code & Docker-Compose  

Please check the course content:  
[HDX-DEV-300 HCL Digital Experience for Developers (Advanced)](https://hclsoftwareu.hcltechsw.com/courses/course/hdx-dev-300-dx-developer-advanced)  

### Best practice  

- Always use `docker-compose up` command to start your environment
- Make sure that the installApps.sh / installApps.bat script is already completed, before accessing the environment.
  Only then the additional extentions like Content Composer and DAM will be available!

> - Try to avoid using volumes (at best don't use volumes at all to get the best spead)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to avoid using volumes (at best don't use volumes at all to get the best speed)
```

> - Never restart the dx-core container (If needed, just stop/start the server directly in the dx-core container)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid restarting the dx-core container for performance reasons (If needed, just stop/start the server directly in the dx-core container)
```

Author: added suggestion.

- Add shared libraries into folder `/opt/HCL/wp_profile/PortalServer/sharedLibrary/` of the dx-core container
- In the Web-Browser:  

>   - Access your Portal environment with URL: `http://<hostname>/wps/portal`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Access your Portal environment with URL: `http://<hostname>/wps/portal` or `https://<hostname>/wps/portal`.  
```

Author: Hi Thomas, https://<hostname>/wps/portal is not working at all with the defautl settings in the dx.yaml! I would not mention it!

>   - Don't access the portal over the direct port! (for example: `https://localhost:10041/wps/portal`). If you do so, then you might not be able to access addons like the Content Composer or DAM. The whole communication works via the embeded http-proxy!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Avoid accessing the portal over the direct port (for example: `https://localhost:10041/wps/portal`). If you do so, then you might not be able to access addons like the Content Composer or DAM. The whole communication works via the embeded http-proxy!  
```

>   - Don't access the portal server environment via https! The default configuration settings of docker-compose (dx.yaml) don't support SSL communication.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - By default accessing the portal server environment via https is not configured out of the box. The default configuration settings of docker-compose (dx.yaml) don't support SSL communication.  
```

Author: changed as suggested
